# index-fullstackapp
INDEx currently only has a small reference to their organization on their parent companies website (dacnw.org). INDEx plans on extending this reference to an entirely new website hosted under their own domain name. This means developing a website and making minor edits to the existing reference. The problem is that there are many ways to develop a website and INDEx requires a solution that can be easily maintained and updated by their small team with little web development experience.

 As a nonprofit staffed by volunteers, INDEx doesn’t have the means of hiring/supporting a web developer. Under these circumstances, the website is going to need to be developed in such a fashion that non-tech savvy individuals will be able to make edits/updates to the website when needed. With this objective, it is important to note that some of the staff members have minor experience using the Studiopress Genesis framework. Teaching/training INDEx employees on other web development techniques would most likely be unreasonable given the time constraint and potentially force them to outsource web developers after the project is complete. As stated previously, hiring web developers is not a desired outcome. Creating the webapp using the Studiopress Genesis framework will support all the desired outcomes with the least amount of risk. An added benefit to this framework is that dacnw, the parent company, is already using Studiopress Genesis and can potentially provide support to INDEx if needed.
 
 As stated previously, they only have minor experience with the framework. This means that training and documentation is still going to be necessary. Genesis blocks are a very intriguing option because of the templating and reusability. For example, we could create an event block that only requires the user to drag and drop it onto the page and fill out the information. The documentation for this action would consist of the location and name of the block and a few steps on attaching it. This would allow us to focus more on the webapp rather than documentation. Another use case for Genesis is that custom page templates can be prepared for future implementations. For example, they have a surplus of volunteers right now and don't want a volunteer signup page. In the future, they might need more volunteers and a signup page. To do this they would simply click “add page” and select our template that was pre-prepared to their liking. 
 
 The final objective is to conform with the U.S Access Board’s section 508 standards. Because INDEx is “an organization run by people with disabilities for people with disabilities”, we have to ensure it is accessible to everyone. A specific example is avoiding serifs because these styles can be much more difficult to read if you have dyslexia. Thus, Sans-serif types should be used to accommodate this. A guideline that is often disregarded is the use of popup videos. This can be alarming to someone who is blind and difficult to turn off. We are going to have to follow these standards closely and work with the INDEx staff for any potential violations.
